v1.5 Docs Refresh (#1010)
panther-labs/panther: docs/gitbook/log-analysis/rules/panther-cli.md

# Panther Analysis Tool

The `panther_analysis_tool` is a Python command line interface  for testing, packaging, and deploying Panther Policies and Rules.

## Installation

Install the [panther_analysis_tool](https://github.com/panther-labs/panther_analysis_tool) with the following command:

```bash
pip3 install panther-analysis-tool
```

## File Organization

It's best practice to create an internal fork of Panther's open source analysis repository. To get started, navigate your local checked out copy of your custom detections.

We recommend grouping rules based on log type, such as `suricata` or `aws_cloudtrail`. Use the open source [Panther Analysis](https://github.com/panther-labs/panther-analysis) packs as a reference.

Each rule consists of a Python file (`<my-rule>.py`) containing your detection logic and a YAML/JSON specification (`<my-rule>.yml`) with the rule's attributes.

## Rule Body

> [Write your rule](log-analysis/rules/README.md) and save it as `my_new_rule.py`.

Reviewer: Link to 'Write your Rule' is showing 404.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Write your rule](https://docs.runpanther.io/v/jacknaglieri-docs-refresh/log-analysis/rules) and save it as `my_new_rule.py`.
```

# Panther Analysis Tool

## Installation

The `panther_analysis_tool` is available on pip and can be installed with the following command:

```bash
pip3 install panther-analysis-tool
```

## File Organization

It's best practice to create an internal fork of Panther's open source analysis repository. To get started, navigate your local checked out copy of your custom detections.

We recommend grouping rules based on log type, such as `suricata` or `aws_cloudtrail`. Use the open source [Panther Analysis](https://github.com/panther-labs/panther-analysis) packs as a reference.

Each rule consists of a Python file (`<my-rule>.py`) containing your detection logic and a YAML/JSON specification (`<my-rule>.yml`) with the rule's attributes.

## Rule Body

> Write your rule as you would above, and save it as `folder/my_new_rule.py`.

Reviewer 3: Not sure what you're referring to here by "above", maybe it should be a reference to writing rules?

Author: Leftover from when the files had more context
